README (US Surprise House).md, before:

# Project Name
> Outline a brief description of your project.


## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- Provide general information about your project here.
- What is the background of your project?
- What is the business probem that your project is trying to solve?
- What is the dataset that is being used?

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->

## Conclusions
- Conclusion 1 from the analysis
- Conclusion 2 from the analysis
- Conclusion 3 from the analysis
- Conclusion 4 from the analysis

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- library - version 1.0
- library - version 2.0
- library - version 3.0

<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- References if any...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).


## Contact
Created by [@githubusername] - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->

Commit message:

Update README (US Surprise House).md

README (US Surprise House).md, after:

# Project Name
A US-based housing company named Surprise Housing has decided to enter the Australian market. The company uses data analytics to purchase houses at a price below their actual values and flip them on at a higher price.


## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- Provide general information about your project here.
- What is the background of your project?
- What is the business probem that your project is trying to solve?
- What is the dataset that is being used?

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->

## Conclusions
- Conclusion 1 from the analysis
- Conclusion 2 from the analysis
- Conclusion 3 from the analysis
- Conclusion 4 from the analysis

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- library - version 1.0
- library - version 2.0
- library - version 3.0

<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- References if any...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).


## Contact
Created by [@githubusername] - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->
